yes ladies and gentlemen all of these
people
speak english as their first language
it's no worries
we have two beds at the other
room his caption she alone is asking to
stay
with me alone and her next line
in this dialogue is beg for me
to stay with you i joke i joke
that's a topic for a video
[Music]
nose
little sister don't you
don't you kiss me once or twice
shout out to all the broken hearted
people in the audience shout out to all
the broken hearted people in the world
you know um i ain't laughing at you and
i'm not
really here to laugh at the topic of
this video i'm not here to make a joke
out of it
it's real easy for me at age 42
to laugh at these kinds of uh trials and
tribulations and tragedies in my own
life
and when you get to be a middle-aged man
it gets easier and easier
to laugh at other people's tragedies as
well but
you know i i know the struggle and uh
i ain't laughing at you so this is this
is pokeman
pokemane right into our man friend here
okay so we got a hotel room
but i can still stay in yours
but i can also stay in mine because
you know emoji emoji emoji
if you don't respond then i'm going to
go to
my hotel room instead of yours
on the right hand side in pink text is
the caption
added by the male witness this history
two years later he reflects
she very clearly says
but i can stay in yours
to me this meant she was open to staying
with me and the girls would get pokey's
room
because during this time i would sleep
over at hers
often this whole thing
with coming on the internet and bragging
about
who you've had sleepovers with
in a context of broken-hearted people
where both sides are either emphatically
or implicitly stating
that you never had sex so you've slept
in the same bed repeatedly
but have not had sex i hope you guys can
appreciate that from the perspective of
a
42 year old man it's
it's not it's not just strange
it's baffling quote i was totally
getting the impression
that we were going to sleep in the same
room via these texts what ended up
happening
was that they all stayed in mine in my
hotel room
but pokey and i ended up sharing a bed
but she's careful not to include that in
her response
my purpose of showing these texts
was to show the behavior and kind of
relationship we had
and that we would often sleep over in or
out of the house
she tries really hard to put into
question my credibility
man you really do not build up your
skills
in english language composition playing
those video games
the the addiction the quality of
send structure oh it's it's off the meat
rack
she really tries hard to put into
question my credibility
by saying it was totally out of context
because
what was said versus what happened
was different facts are
we did share a bed periods this this is
this is what i find so hard to relate to
so mean facts are she says you guys
never dated you never had a relationship
you never had sex
so the fact that you shared a bed what
what's
what's the significance of this and why
are we why are we having this
conversation i mean i get it
i get it i i think there were probably
broken hearted people in the audience
who can relate to this i think there are
probably people
who liked forced their way into the
friend zone the same way this guy did
to such an extent that they were being
treated
as like a gay male friend by a straight
woman even though in fact the dude was
to whatever extent
straight and actually trying to get a
relationship
okay i'm trying hard you better not eat
this game this game is really important
for me
wait lily can i get in on this too
no it's you know it's a tragedy that's
not it's not hard to sympathize with
returning to the uh quoted dialogue here
are you sure i really want to give you
the freedom
to do what you want smiley face smiley
face smiley face
it's no worries yes ladies and gentlemen
all of these people speak english as
their first language it's
no worries we have two beds at
the other room his caption she alone is
asking to stay
with me alone and
her next line in this dialogue is
beg for me to stay with you
i joke i joke okay i'll come
if you are sure and he replies
yes he's sure and now about two years
later
he's adding this caption complaining
that she
is uh totally exploiting his
feelings for her because she knows that
he wants to stay in the same room or
in the same bed with her she later in
her statement tries to imply that the
sleepovers
all had the same tone when in reality
the ones with others weren't romantic
but the ones with her were
close quote
romantic sleepover
but she didn't have sex
where is this going to go dude look
sorry i it's it's genuinely baffling to
me
i have been in the position i'm only
remembering one now it's probably having
more than one it's probably happened a
couple times
i have been in the position of saying to
a woman
look if you are inviting me to sleep in
the same bed with you
this is not gonna be a sleepover you and
i
are not just friends so don't kid
yourself
about what it is you're setting up to
happen next
if you and i are gonna lie down in the
same bed
and spend the night together you are
gonna wake up
having difficulty walking or sitting on
a chair
so let's keep it all the way real and
you know
your willingness to tell the truth
is in many cases less important
than your willingness to not get what
you want
honesty doesn't just involve telling the
truth
it also involves really having the
strength of character
to live in celibacy to
do without these things you desire to be
like well
i'm going to be honest with this person
i'm going to tell her what the situation
is
and that may result in us not sleeping
together
or not having a relationship now or
maybe she's not ready to have a
relationship now but she will be ready
to have a relationship later and you
know years later you'll get together
like
the decision to be honest
in some ways that's a very short-term
surface decision and there's this deeper
more long-term commitment to really
being
cool really being at peace with uh
not getting what you want and a lot of
the discourse i hear on the internet
like
i'm sure some other youtube channel
would recommend saying
the same thing i just said to you now
like as if it's like an
alpha play as if it's like a strategy
like to present yourself as alpha like
here's what's going down so don't kid
yourself like i'm not coming for a
sleepover
like we're not sharing a bed to sleep
let's keep this straight somebody would
would present that to you as if that
strategy
means you get what you want and it
doesn't
right honesty means that you
disambiguate an ambiguous situation
it means you don't get your feelings
hurt
nobody's confused everyone's being
honest what the situation is
but the situation may be
she doesn't want you and the truth is
probably probably for this dude or a lot
of dudes in this situation
probably if you can admit to yourself
who she really is
you don't want her either you just uh
you just think that you do but yeah
here's this guy's totally
alpha play she asked him to beg
to sleep in the same bed with her
and he does indeed repeatedly
beg in this life you don't
make decisions about getting what you
want
you make decisions about what kind of
person
you want to be and those decisions with
time
not all that much time they shape who
you become
do you want to be the kind of guy
who will lie to get a woman into bed
all the men i know who did huge numbers
who slept with large numbers of women
the main aphrodisiac
they were playing with was the almighty
lie
are you willing to lie to others are you
willing to lie to yourself
are you willing to live a lie to get
laid and what this guy is doing
i mean it's dishonest but
really he's being more dishonest with
himself than he is with the girl are you
willing to do this kind of dishonest
thing
about doing sleepovers and pretending
you're just friends
and then you know as she puts it pushing
against the boundaries
of this relationship that from her
perspective as she tells the story
is more like a straight woman with a gay
male friend
she just hangs out with in her hotel
room and in between doing these various
gigs
is that what you're willing to do to get
what you want
if so think about 10 years
20 years down the line what kind of
person
you're going to become and i'm not here
to gas you up
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls i'm
not here to tell you
that that straight and narrow path of
honesty
leads to success or happiness for a
whole lot of people
it's going to lead to loneliness and
disappointment because
you know telling the truth can end up
with you
being isolated and bitter and alone in a
world that's full of liars
who really really just want you to lie
to them
who really just want you to play the
same game that
their other ex-boyfriend's
ex-girlfriends did and they may even
regard you with a kind of
incomprehension
if you're if you're playing at this
straight if you're really being
dishonest
with yourself and others you don't get
to decide
whether or not you get what you want and
a lot of the time
boys and girls you think you want
something
you think you want someone then after
you get
closer to them after you get closer to
the goal you realize who they really
were
you realize that you you didn't really
want them at all
the one thing you can control the one
thing you can decide
is what kind of person you're going to
be
and the compromises you're going to make
the sacrifices you're going to make
the rules you're going to draw up that
define your own sense of personal
integrity
short-term and long term that matters
a whole lot more than just getting laid